Little brat
What the hell?
I'm not talking nonsense.
This is the leftover material.
secret
letter home
There's no need to get angry with this pariah
A man like him
I have never written any expensive gifts
Am I a natural or a big player?
Uncle Qiang, what a woman
Today, the swordsman, the blue sweater
I also specially invited the sea
President of the Jewelry Association
Master Feng, Mr. Jiang
Master Feng, you are a world-famous jewelry master
I didn't expect Mr. to invite you here
You really shine
Hey, Mr. Jiang is polite.
Can meet
Blue Phantom
It's my luck too.
As expected of the most famous necklace in the world
No matter from design or workmanship
Or choose the material.
Perfect
Thank you for your good taste.
Why does Brother Qiang like it so much?
Spend more money and send it to me.
Break up
I'll bring it to you.
Wait a minute.
sister
I gave you some face, right?
I left you here to open your eyes
Don't you know?
Here it is.
Gift for Meng Zhu
This scrap of material in your hand is not beautiful enough
Only the heart of the deep sea
Deserving of us